2. Locate one bug or bad workflow within the app.
    a. Explain the behavior you are seeing
    b. Include any useful errors or screenshots
    c. Explain why and how it needs to be corrected
    d. What are the steps you would take to report the issue?
    e. What priority would you give this bug (Scale of 1-5, 1 being highest) and why?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a.

Bug: Unable to remove item due to blur effect in the "Recommended for You" section of the
item description modal

Steps to Reproduce:
    1) Login as a user with a membership
    2) Click an item to bring up it's item description modal
    3) In the "Recommended for You" section below, click the right arrow to see more items
    4) On the leftmost item, click the green (+) button to add the item to the cart
    5) Click the green trash can button

Expected: The item is removed from the cart

Actual: The item cannot be removed - the blur affect at the left edge of the modal is
overlapping the remove button preventing the user from removing the item

b. See ScreenRecordings/2B.mov

c.

Why it needs to be corrected: The user is not able to remove this item from their cart the
way the user experience intends them to. This could create frustration and impact the user’s
opinion of the company.

How it needs to be corrected: Either the remove button needs to be rendered above the blur
effect, or the blur effect needs to be reduced / removed so that the user is able to click the
remove button, depending on the resulting look and feel.

d.

1) Create a bug ticket with the following information:
    a) A small high level description
    b) Steps to reproduce the bug
    c) The expected behavior
    d) The actual behavior
    e) The device and browser version the bug was found on (ex: Desktop, Chrome v74)
    f) The environment the bug was found in (i.e. Production, UAT, Staging)
2) Notify the team of the bug and confirm it is reproducible
3) Based on the priority, the bug ticket would either be put in the backlog (low priority), put
into the next sprint (medium priority) or worked on as soon as possible as a hot fix (high priority)

e.

I would give this bug a 4 for priority for the following reasons:
	-It is not fundamentally breaking any functionality of the site; the user is still able to
	remove the item from their cart on the cart page
	-It is nested within the item modal (lower rate of use) as opposed to logging in (higher rate of use)
	-It can create an unpleasant user experience and should have priority over smaller bugs (5)
